Here's the README formatted for GitHub:
⸻
Gridworld Dynamic Programming (DP) Project
Overview
This project focuses on solving the classical Gridworld problem using Dynamic Programming (DP) methods in Reinforcement Learning (RL). The primary techniques implemented are Policy Iteration and Value Iteration.
Project Structure
gridworld_dp: Contains the main implementation of the Gridworld environment and DP algorithms.
data: Includes sample data and configurations for different Gridworld scenarios.
scripts: Utility scripts for running experiments and visualizing results.
notebooks: Jupyter notebooks for interactive exploration and analysis.
Installation
To set up the project, follow these steps:
Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/Narek889/Reinforcement-Learning.git
cd Reinforcement-Learning/gridworld-dp
Install the required dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Running Experiments
You can run the experiments using the provided scripts. For example, to execute the Policy Iteration algorithm, use:
python scripts/policy_iteration.py
Visualizing Results
The results of the experiments can be visualized using the notebooks provided in the notebooks directory. Open a notebook and run the cells to see the visualizations.
Algorithms
Policy Iteration
Policy Iteration involves two main steps:
Policy Evaluation: Calculate the value function for a given policy.
Policy Improvement: Update the policy based on the value function.
Value Iteration
Value Iteration is an iterative algorithm that updates the value function until it converges. The policy is then derived from the optimal value function.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues and pull requests.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
Acknowledgments
Special thanks to the contributors and the RL community for their support and resources.
⸻
Feel free to customize this template further to suit your project's needs! If you have any specific sections or details you'd like to add, let me know.
